"Happiness never decreases by being shared." - Buddha
"The mind is everything. What you think, you become." - Buddha
"Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth." - Buddha
"Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without." - Buddha
"The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows." - Buddha
"To conquer oneself is a greater task than conquering others." - Buddha
"The root of suffering is attachment." - Buddha
"You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection." - Buddha
"An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea." - Buddha
"What we think, we become." - Buddha
"Do not dwell in the past; do not dream of the future; concentrate the mind on the present moment." - Buddha
"The tongue like a sharp knife... Kills without drawing blood." - Buddha
"Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if I have said it unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense." - Buddha
"Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened." - Buddha
"There is no path to happiness: happiness is the path." - Buddha
"Pain is certain, suffering is optional." - Buddha
"To understand everything is to forgive everything." - Buddha
"No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path." - Buddha
"You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger." - Buddha
"A jug fills drop by drop." - Buddha
"You only lose what you cling to." - Buddha
"In the end, only three things matter: how much you loved, how gently you lived, and how gracefully you let go of things not meant for you." - Buddha
"The past is already gone, the future is not yet here. There's only one moment for you to live." - Buddha
"Just as a flower does not pick and choose the bees that come to it, true wisdom does not pick and choose who to be kind to." - Buddha
"Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it." - Buddha
"What you are is what you have been. What you'll be is what you do now." - Buddha
"The trouble is, you think you have time." - Buddha
"In separateness lies the world's greatest misery; in compassion lies the world's true strength." - Buddha
"The way is not in the sky, the way is in the heart." - Buddha
"Hatred does not cease through hatred at any time. Hatred ceases through love. This is an unalterable law." - Buddha
"Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned." - Buddha
"True love is born from understanding." - Buddha
"The one who understands others has knowledge; the one who understands himself has wisdom." - Buddha
"A disciplined mind brings happiness." - Buddha
"Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your unguarded thoughts." - Buddha
"He is able who thinks he is able." - Buddha
"Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace." - Buddha
"The greatest victory is that which requires no battle." - Buddha
"Let yourself be open and life will be easier." - Buddha
"The whole secret of existence is to have no fear." - Buddha
"The mind is everything. What you think, you become." - Buddha
"The way to change others' minds is with affection and not anger." - Buddha
"Without health, life is not life; it is only a state of languor and suffering." - Buddha
"The greatest prayer is patience." - Buddha
"If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path." - Buddha
"The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows." - Buddha
"Radiate boundless love towards the entire world." - Buddha
"To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind." - Buddha
"The mind is everything. What you think, you become." - Buddha
"Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment." - Buddha