"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
"The greatest happiness you can have is knowing that you do not necessarily require happiness." - William Saroyan
"The purpose of our lives is to be happy." - Dalai Lama
"Happiness depends upon ourselves." - Aristotle
"The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up." - Mark Twain
"The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts." - Marcus Aurelius
"Happiness is a warm puppy." - Charles M. Schulz
"The secret of happiness is freedom, the secret of freedom is courage." - Carrie Jones
"The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate." - Oprah Winfrey
"Happiness is not a goal; it is a by product." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears." - John Lennon
"Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The happiest people don't have the best of everything, they make the best of everything." - Unknown
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
"The most wasted of days is one without laughter." - E.E. Cummings
"Happiness is a choice, not a result. Nothing will make you happy until you choose to be happy." - Ralph Marston
"The way to be happy is to make others so." - Robert Green Ingersoll
"There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved." - George Sand
"To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others." - Albert Camus
"Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get." - W.P. Kinsella
"Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present." - Jim Rohn
"The greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our dispositions and not our circumstances." - Martha Washington
"Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The most important thing is to enjoy your life to be happy it's all that matters." - Audrey Hepburn
"Be happy with what you have. Be excited about what you want." - Alan Cohen
"Happiness is letting go of what you think your life is supposed to look like and celebrating it for everything that it is." - Mandy Hale
"It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it." - Dale Carnegie
"Happiness is not something that you find, it is something that you create." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The happiest people are those who think the most interesting thoughts." - William Lyon Phelps
"Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them." - Steve Maraboli
"Happiness is a state of mind. It's just according to the way you look at things." - Walt Disney
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Happiness is the art of never holding in your mind the memory of any unpleasant thing that has passed." - Unknown
"The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for." - Allan K. Chalmers
"Happiness is a direction, not a place." - Sydney J. Harris
"Happiness is found when you stop comparing yourself to other people." - Unknown
"If you want to be happy, be." - Leo Tolstoy
"The happiest people I know are always evaluating and improving themselves. The unhappy people are usually evaluating and judging others." - Lisa Villa Prosen
"The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts." - Marc Aurelius
"It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness." - Charles Spurgeon
"Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling." - Margaret Lee Runbeck
"Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness." - Ayn Rand
"Happiness is the highest form of health." - Dalai Lama
"True happiness comes from the joy of deeds well done, the zest of creating things new." - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
"Happiness is not about getting all you want, it is about enjoying all you have." - Unknown
"Happiness is not in the mere possession of money, it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort." - F.D.Roosevelt
"Happiness is a choice you cannot choose what happens, but you can choose your reaction to it and be Happy." - Unknown
"Happiness is a journey that starts when you make the decision to love yourself." - Unknown
"Happiness is not in things; it is in you." - Unknown